[plugin_platform_interface] Don't use const Object as a token (#2417)
flutter/plugins: packages/url_launcher/url_launcher_platform_interface/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.5

> * Make the PlatformInterface _token non const (as const Object's are not unique).

Reviewer: fix formatting

> * Make the PlatformInterface _token non const (as const Object's are not unique).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Make the `PlatformInterface` `_token` non `const` (as `const` `Object`s are not unique).
```
